README.md, before:

# Day 1 of being a JavaScripting English Major

Hopefully, you are a student in the course, [*The JavaScripting English
Major*](http://the-javascripting-english-major.org), in which case you
should be forking this repository by clicking on the “Fork” button in the
top-right of this page.

Forking it copies everything over to a new repository that you control, and
from there, the limits to your project are limited to your own imagination.
And GitHub’s terms of service, of course.

Once you’ve forked it, you can clone it into Atom and start hacking away. If
you don’t know how to clone into Atom, check out the [Atom
section](http://the-javascripting-english-major.org/1-environment#atom)
of the first chapter of *The JavaScripting English Major*.

I'm not deleting anything just yet. I want to see if I actually have this thing figured out by adding my own language to it. Let's see if this works. 

© 2017, [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) by
[Moacir P. de Sá Pereira](http://moacir.com).

Commit message:

added additional paragraph; no project goals yet

README.md, after:

# Day 1 of being a JavaScripting English Major

Hopefully, you are a student in the course, [*The JavaScripting English
Major*](http://the-javascripting-english-major.org), in which case you
should be forking this repository by clicking on the “Fork” button in the
top-right of this page.

Forking it copies everything over to a new repository that you control, and
from there, the limits to your project are limited to your own imagination.
And GitHub’s terms of service, of course.

Once you’ve forked it, you can clone it into Atom and start hacking away. If
you don’t know how to clone into Atom, check out the [Atom
section](http://the-javascripting-english-major.org/1-environment#atom)
of the first chapter of *The JavaScripting English Major*.

I'm not deleting anything just yet. I want to see if I actually have this thing figured out by adding my own language to it. Let's see if this works. 

It seems to be working! I have no defined project at this time. However, here is placeholder for when I'm ready to include some goals.



© 2017, [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) by
[Moacir P. de Sá Pereira](http://moacir.com).
